your current skill set has already taken
you as far as it's going to take you if
you don't put yourself on a path to
learn and very aggressively where you
are now is where you'll be in five years
the key is crossing that chasm of skill
set we're all afraid of not reaching our
potential of never becoming the person
we know we were meant to be we fear
being left behind at our job we fear
never being worthy of love we fear being
stupid
or emotionally weak we fear not having
enough followers and friends we fear
waking up one morning and realizing our
best is already behind us or worse our
best was never very good to begin with
remember you're an adaptation machine
your job is to place yourself under
stress and then force yourself to grow
go back to mr. yoked you don't get those
muscles by looking at the weights you
get those muscles by going under the
weight and not stopping when it hurts
you stop and you can no longer recruit
the muscles enough to move the weight
that's when you're done your job is to
push yourself to the limit of what you
think you're capable of and then go past
that and when you're able to push
yourself past that when you're able to
get into the Goggins reps as I call it
when you're able to exist in that zone
long past where it started hurting long
past when it got boring long past when
you were terrified that you never
do it that's when you'll begin to adapt
because you're telling your body adapt
or die that's how you're gonna get where
you want to go nobody wins the Nobel
Peace Prize or writes a best-seller or
even lifts a barbell at the gym without
feeling hopelessly incapable at some
point the reason they feel incapable
because they are the skills that they've
developed do not yet match up with the
skills they need to be successful
what separates these people that achieve
these seemingly impossible goals is that
they do not see their incapabilities as
obstacles they see them as opportunities
[Applause]
[Music]
you